chapter number two, and I'm going to tell you right at the beginning of the message
that we're going to be at a number of different portions of Scripture this morning, and so
I hope that you have your fingers ready, limber, to turn and to look at some other passages
this morning, and I'll do my best to keep up with you, and you keep up with me, and
I often have told some folks I don't mark. I know some preachers that put little bookmarks
and little paper clips to mark the other passages they're going to go to. I don't do that on
purpose so that I have to turn to it as well, and so sometimes I'm a little impatient, and
so I'll try to be a little patient this morning because I know we have a number of verses
to go to. For the last several weeks, we've been talking about how great our God is and
dealing with the fact that our God is great in power. I'm so thankful that the Lord God
Omnipotent reigneth, amen, and He is in charge, He is in command, He is all-powerful. We've
had for our theme this year in 2023, great is the Lord. We understand how great He is,
greatly to be praised, and He is worthy of your praise and my praise, and we should stand
in awe of who He is. We find that over the last several weeks, we've had the opportunity
as we've studied the Scriptures to see some accounts where God demonstrates His great
power. As you open the pages of this precious book, you'll find over and over accounts of
God's mighty power on display so that we can see just how powerful and how mighty He
is. In fact, we could spend months looking at those particular accounts and dealing with
all of the wonderful truth that God gives us concerning His great power, but we're going
to move forward this morning and begin looking at a new subject because we answer this question,
how do you know that God is great? You come in and you say, great is the Lord. I agree,
God is great. Why is He great? How is He great? Well, we say He's great in power and
He is, but this morning we're going to start and look at just for a few weeks that He's
great in love. I'm thankful for the love of God, aren't you? Begin to think about the
subject of God's love and begin to think about examining this truth over the next several
weeks. This morning, more of an introductory kind of a message, if you will, for the next
few weeks with regard to the love of God. But I'm familiar, and you are as well, with
a hymn in our hymnal, and it's one, there's a lot of hymns about the love of God, there
really is. You look through the pages of any hymnal, you can look at a number of different
hymnals, little choruses that we sing about Jesus loves me, this I know, for the Bible
tells me so, and what a wonderful little song that is to sing and to teach our children.
But I'm thankful for what the hymn writer said when he said this, I'm so glad that our
Father in heaven tells of His love in the book He has given. He goes on to say this,
wonderful things in the Bible I see. Surely, if you've read the Bible, there's some wonderful
things in the Bible that you see. But the songwriter said it this way, this is the dearest
that Jesus loves me. I am so glad that Jesus loves me, Jesus loves me, Jesus loves me.
I am so glad that Jesus loves me, Jesus loves even me. This morning, I'm going to preach
a message that I've simply entitled His Great Love. It's interesting, we've studied the
last couple of weeks about God's power on display in the life of Moses and the children
of Israel and what they had the opportunity to see. And last week, we dealt with the subject
of there in Exodus, chapter number 14, we went into chapter 15 a bit as well, and dealing
with God's deliverance from Egypt and how that they were eyewitnesses of His great power.
And it's exciting to hear about God's work, it's exciting to read about how God works
in other people's lives, but when you have the opportunity and the privilege to be an
eyewitness of what God is doing and how God is working, I mean, that's at the top of the
list. You have front row seats, and what a blessing to be an eyewitness of God's great
work. It's interesting, you don't need to turn there, but in Hosea, chapter 11, in verse
number 1, Hosea, of course, is prophesying with regard to all sorts of things, but in
chapter 11, in verse number 1, there's a message, a statement that is made about an event that
took place years earlier, the event that we actually studied over the last couple of weeks.
And here's what the Word of God says in Hosea 11, in verse number 1, when Israel was a child,
the Bible says, then I loved him and called my son out of Egypt. And as much as we see
God's power on display, as we did, we see that Hosea references God's love, and how
in love God was bringing His child, the children of Israel, out of Egyptian bondage. We see
His power in doing that, but we see the love that motivated that, and what a blessing to
understand that. As we look here in Ephesians, chapter number 2, notice in verse number 1,
the Bible says, and you hath He quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins, wherein
in time past ye walked according to the course of this world, according to the prince of
the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience, among
whom also we all had our conversation in times past in the lust of our flesh, fulfilling
the desires of the flesh and of the mind, and were by nature the children of wrath,
even as others. So thankful for the first two words of verse number 4, but God, but
God, but God who is rich in mercy, for His great love wherewith He loved us, even when
we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, by grace you're saved, and
hath raised us up together and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus,
and in the ages to come He might show the exceeding riches of His grace and His kindness
toward us through Christ Jesus. For by grace are you saved through faith, and that not
of yourselves, it is the gift of God, not of works, lest any man should boast, for we
are His workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained,
that we should walk in them. You notice in verse number 4, the Bible says, for His great
love wherewith He loved us. Over the next few moments this morning, I want to share
with you this thought of His great love. Notice with me if you're taking notes, number 1,
the love of God declared, the love of God declared. No doubt in my mind most of us would
have heard at some point, many of us probably have memorized John chapter 3 and verse number
16. John 3, 16 is one of the most common known verses in all of the Bible. In fact, I remember
as a child, I remember before we ever went to church, before I knew anything, I didn't
even know that there was a book of the Bible that was called John. I had no idea, no concept
whatsoever, and I remember watching a football game on a TV as a child and seeing someone
hold up a sign in the stadium that said John 3, 16. I had no idea what that meant. I had
no idea. In fact, at that particular time in my life, I didn't even have anyone that
I could ask what that meant. My parents weren't saved. My parents didn't go to church. And
you know, I would submit to you this morning that as many of us in this particular room
understand, perhaps have memorized, have heard repeatedly the truth of John 3, 16, there
is a world of people that have no idea that God loves them. This morning, we see God's
love declared in that powerful, so familiar verse of Scripture, for God so loved the world.
Wow, that's a precious declaration that God gives us in His Word, that He sent His only
begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting
life. And I'm so thankful that God, in that single verse of Scripture, not only did He
declare His love, but He demonstrated His love, and we'll look at that in just a moment.
But as we begin to think about God's love being declared, we understand that God reveals
to us in His Word that God is love.
Look over, if you will, at the book of 1 John. Again, I mentioned that we'll look at a few
verses of Scripture this morning and be in a few places, but look at 1 John chapter 4.
I want you to look at a couple of verses of Scripture with regard to the statement that
God gives us here, that God is love. The Apostle John had the privilege to be the human
penman, under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit of God, to write the Gospel of John,
and also to write these three short epistles, 1, 2, and 3 John. We find that as John would
refer to himself, under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit of God, in the Gospel of John,
as the disciple whom Jesus loved. Oh, what a blessed thought, what a blessed truth that
John understood that God loved him. And we find that as John is now writing this first
epistle, and he's speaking about chapter 3 and 4, there's many references in both of
those chapters about God's love, we find that in chapter number 4, notice what he says in
verse number 8, he that loveth not knoweth not God, and then notice the statement, for
God is love. We find again, repeated in verse number 16, and we have known and believe the
love that God hath to us, God is love, and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God,
and God in him. It's interesting, as John begins writing in 1 John, he talks about how
he was an eyewitness of these things, having seen and heard the statements that he makes
in verse number 3 of chapter number 1, and then now here in 1 John 4, in verse number
16, he says,
He says, and we have known and believed the love that God hath to us.
God is love.
I'm thankful this morning that God has revealed to us in the pages of Scripture
that He is love and He has declared His love.
Again, this morning there are many people, unfortunately,
that do not know the simple truth that we take for granted.
I mean, we know it, we've heard it, we repeat it,
but to understand this morning that God loves us,
it's declared in His Word.
Notice the demonstration, number two, very quickly.
We're going to try to get to our third point here this morning
and look at a number of things.
But notice number two, if you're taking notes,
the love of God not only declared, but the love of God demonstrated.
The love of God demonstrated.
I'm thankful, I mentioned this when we dealt with the subject of God's power,
and we said that it would be perfectly fine if God simply said to us,
declared to us who He is, that He is all-powerful.
He could make that declaration and it would be settled truth.
Would you agree this morning?
He says, I have all power.
Okay, that settles it.
We believe that.
But God not only declared that He's all-powerful,
He then demonstrated that He's all-powerful.
And He gives us example after example as you read the Bible
and you read the accounts of God's Word and of God's power,
you have the opportunity to know not only did God say that He had all power,
but He revealed it to us.
He demonstrated His great power.
This morning the case is true with regard to God's love.
God is love, and God declares to us that He loved the world,
but He demonstrated that love.
He revealed in the pages of Scripture His love for us.
I think of Daniel.
We're not going to turn there.
But on three occasions in the book of Daniel,
Daniel is referred to as being greatly loved.
What a blessed truth.
Begin to understand this morning that God demonstrated His love to us.
We've read John 3.16 already.
I've quoted it to you.
For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son.
That's the demonstration of God's love.
The declaration is that He loved the world,
but then He gave of His Son.
Why?
So that we could be redeemed, so that we could have salvation
through the Lord Jesus Christ.
We sang this morning, saved, saved.
And I'm so thankful to be saved.
Aren't you thankful to be saved this morning?
Listen, you understand what the alternative is, right?
It's to be lost.
There's only two conditions for mankind.
You're either saved or you're lost.
Period.
End of story.
This morning I'm thankful to be saved.
Saved by the blood of the Lamb.
What a blessing to know that Heaven is our home.
But we understand that the only way for man to be saved
was through the sacrifice of the Lord Jesus Christ.
The just for the unjust.
And we find this morning that this great love of God
that was declared in His Word, it's been demonstrated to us.
Look at Romans chapter number 5.
Again, familiar verses of Scripture,
but I hope this morning that as we come together in this place,
as we gather to worship the Lord,
that we stand in awe of who He is
and that we say, you know what makes my God so great
is that His great love.
His great love.
You know, there are people that, world religions,
I mean people that are following religious groups of people,
they don't believe that God loves them.
They don't know anything about the love of God.
Notice in Romans 5 and verse number 8, the Bible says,
but God commendeth His love toward us,
in that while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us.
While we were yet sinners, we're at enmity with God.
But yet, God's great love was demonstrated at Calvary.
I'm so thankful for a place called Calvary.
We sing the song at Calvary.
In fact, we sing the song and can it be
that the chorus is amazing love?
How can it be that thou, my God, shouldst die for me?
I remember being at the nursing home years ago
and we would have ministry there.
In fact, it's the place where Miss Joyce is now.
The name has been changed from Manor Care to Arden's Court.
We would go there on a monthly basis
and we'd sing songs with the residents
that would gather together for service.
We had one time a month that we'd go.
We'd sing songs and they really didn't want any preaching.
They said, we want you to come,
but we don't want you to preach.
Well, how do you tell a preacher not to preach?
So here's what I did. I preached through song.
I would pick songs and I would give them to Miss Jackie.
She played the piano faithfully for us over there.
We'd have a list of songs and through those songs
I would bring verses of scripture
and the songs would kind of be an outline
for the message on that particular day.
I remember sitting there one day
and we were going to sing at Calvary
and some of you that were there on that day
probably remember this.
There was a man that was there
that his wife was a patient in that particular place
and she was not well at all.
But this man retired and loved his wife.
He was there with her every day.
He got there every morning
and he stayed until the late hours at night.
He was there every day with her.
That man was faithful to bring his wife to our service
and to attend as well.
But they were lost.
And he said this to me after we sang that song at Calvary.
He said, what is it that you mean
when you say at Calvary?
What is this place that you're singing of?
And I'm so thankful that we know
what happened at Calvary.
God's love was demonstrated at Calvary
when he hung upon that cross.
When he was beaten and battered and torn
for you and for me and for the world,
he was demonstrating his great love.
And we know that he was crucified,
he was buried, but he rose again.
And what a joy to know
the love of God demonstrated towards us.
Notice in 1 John chapter number 3,
I mentioned that 1 John in chapter 3 and 4,
both of those chapters, so many references to God's love.
But notice in 1 John chapter number 3,
we'll look at two verses here in this text of Scripture.
And I want you to see what God says
about the demonstration of his love.
We see that yes, his love is declared,
but I'm thankful that it was demonstrated for us
and that we can look to the pages of God's word
and we can say, look, this is how God
demonstrated his love.
See, this morning when you tell someone
that you love them,
it's important to do that, to tell someone I love you.
But then how do you demonstrate your love?
How do you demonstrate your love
for your spouse, for your children,
children to your parents, and so on and so forth.
And we see that God is providing us
with a record of how he demonstrated his love.
Notice in verse number 1 of 1 John 3,
the Bible says,
Behold, what manner of love
the Father hath bestowed upon us
that we should be called the sons of God.
Therefore the world knoweth us not,
because it knew him not.
He continues in verse number 16.
Notice what he says.
Hereby perceive we the love of God,
because he laid down his life for us.
Because he laid down his life for us.
And we ought to lay down our lives
for the brethren.
Notice in chapter 4,
in verses 9 and 10,
the Bible says this,
And this was manifest, the love of God,
toward us.
Do you see the love of God,
it's toward us.
It's that God loves us as his creation.
We find that in verse number 9 of chapter 4,
1 John, it says,
And this was manifest, the love of God,
toward us,
because God sent his only begotten Son
into the world,
that we might live through him,
here in his love.
Not that we loved God,
but that he loved us,
and sent his Son to be the propitiation
for our sins.
We see that word used by John
here in this text of scripture,
and we'd understand that he uses it
in chapter number 2 as well.
In verse number 1 of chapter 2,
the Bible says,
My little children, these things write I unto you,
that ye sin not.
If any man sin, we have an advocate with the Father,
Jesus Christ the righteous,
and he is the propitiation for our sins,
and not for ours only,
but also for the sins of the whole world.
The Bible would use that word propitiation
here in 1 John 2 and chapter number 4 as well,
and really the Old Testament,
the idea of that mercy seat
over top of the Ark of the Covenant,
and how it's the satisfaction,
and how God's demonstrated his love to us
through being,
God sent his Son to be the propitiation for us.
He satisfied the demand.
See, the Ark of the Covenant
was an ark of judgment apart from the mercy seat,
but you apply that mercy seat,
and it fits perfectly on that Ark of the Covenant,
and it shows the grace, mercy,
and love of God Almighty.
What a blessed truth.
He has demonstrated his love toward us,
and it's through that great sacrifice there at Calvary.
You noticed in verse number 10,
he began by saying,
here in his love,
not that we love God,
but that he loved us.
We see in verse number 19,
it says we love him because he first loved us.
You'll often hear people say,
I love God.
We ought to love God,
but we must understand that we only love him
because he first loved us.
And we understand that God teaches us in his word.
In fact, if you get into the fifth chapter,
and we won't do that this morning,
that there's evidence that would support the claim.
When someone says, I love God, there ought to be some evidence in their life that would
support the claim.
It's easy to say, I love God.
But does the evidence support the claim?
If you love God, we're to keep His commandments.
He says that in the Gospel of John and again in 1 John chapter number 5.
But we find that we love Him, but we love Him because He first loved us.
You understand that He was the initiator.
We were at enmity with God, but He loved us.
He demonstrated His love toward us.
Notice in the book of Revelation, just a few more pages over.
In Revelation chapter number 1, we find that John is receiving this revelation, the revelation
of Jesus Christ, according to verse number 1 of Revelation 1.
And notice, we find that the churches in Asia are going to receive letters, but before the
content of those letters are given, notice what the Bible says in verse number 4 of chapter
1.
John to the seven churches which are in Asia, grace be unto you and peace from Him which
is and which was and which is to come, from the seven spirits which are before His throne,
aren't you thankful that He's eternal?
He's alpha and omega, that'll be mentioned in verse number 8.
Notice in verse 5, and from Jesus Christ who is the faithful witness and the first begotten
of the dead, the prince of the kings of the earth, unto Him that loved us and washed us
from our sins in His own blood and hath made us kings and priests unto God and His Father,
to Him be glory and dominion forever and ever, amen.
Behold He cometh with clouds and every eye shall see Him and they also which pierced
Him and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of Him even so, amen.
And I am alpha and omega, beginning and the ending saith the Lord which is and which was
and which is to come, the Almighty.
I'm thankful that God demonstrated His love at a place called Calvary.
What a blessed truth.
We have a cross that hangs above our baptistry.
You all can see it, it's to my back.
And I hope that when you see that cross that it reminds you of what Christ did at Calvary,
you'll note that our cross is empty.
There are some crosses that you can find that still have Christ on the cross.
But we do not have a cross such as that.
Why?
Because Christ is no longer on the cross.
This man after offered one sin or one sacrifice for sins forever.
He sat down, His work was finished.
He's at the right hand throne of God at the throne room of heaven.
We find that our cross has no Jesus hanging on it for the cross is empty.
He was buried in a borrowed tomb and He rose conquering sin, death and the grave.
It was at that place, Golgotha, a place called Calvary where God demonstrated His love for
you and for me and for all the world.
What a blessed truth of God's word.
We see the Bible gives us the record of God's love, God's word, God's love declared.
It gives us the demonstration of God's love.
But I want you to notice number three this morning.
Not only His love declared and demonstrated, but the love of God described.
How would you describe or maybe I should say define God's love?
How would you describe it?
I'm going to think about God's love this morning and throughout this week as I've meditated
upon this truth and this thought of God's love.
And I want to share with you seven thoughts with how we can describe the love of God.
How can we this morning describe God's love?
We find that He says, for God so loved the world.
And I'm thankful for that little word so.
It gives some emphasis there and we understand that He so loved the world that He declared
it and demonstrated it.
But I want to share with you some verses of Scripture that I will hope that will help
us this morning to understand how God's love is described biblically.
Understand this morning that there are some people in our world that have sought to define
who God is.
And it's contrary to what God says in His word.
Not only do they seek to describe or define who God is, but there are some that have tried
to take this truth of God's love and twist it to their own benefit, quote-unquote.
They've tried to say, well, God is love and God loves me and therefore I can do whatever
I want to do.
Wrong.
That's not what God's word teaches us.
It's a very prominent, very popular thought within our society today.
Who are you that you can judge me?
God loves me and God said He loved me and I can do whatever I want to do.
Is that how you love your children?
How many of you say, I have children and I love them?
I hope everyone raised their hand.
He's helping his mom raise his hand.
My mama loves me, amen.
Praise the Lord.
Right?
Each one of you that raised your hand saying, I have children and I love them, you don't
let your kids do whatever they want to do.
You know why?
Sometimes kids have bad ideas.
We don't have the level of wisdom as children that we do as adults.
So, you know, that's not really a good idea.
Not going to let you do that.
Why?
Because I love you.
So we're going to think about God's love and how it would be described to us biblically.
And we find in the verse of scripture that we started with in Ephesians 2 and verse
number 4, very simply it's defined as being great love.
And I'm thankful for that little word great because it's a, it's a big word.
It's an important word that, that for His great love wherewith He loved us.
See our God is great and our God's love is great.
And this morning when we begin to think about God's love and begin to think about how great
His love is toward us, I'm just thankful to be a recipient of His great love.
Not only is His love great, but I would say this, His love is an everlasting love.
Let's look at Jeremiah, if you will, Jeremiah chapter number 31.
We find that here Jeremiah records for us this truth with regard to God's love and we
find here that it's described as being an everlasting love.
By the way, only an eternal God can describe His love as being eternal or everlasting.
It's in His very nature, it's who He is.
In Jeremiah 31 and verse number 3, the Bible says, the Lord hath appeared of old unto me
saying yea, I have loved thee with an everlasting love, therefore with loving kindness have
I drawn thee.
I'm so thankful that God's love never ends.
God never stops loving you.
We're going to look at a couple of examples over the next couple of weeks, actually not
the next couple of weeks because we have missionary and then missions conference and so on and
so forth.
But when we get back to this subject of God's great love in the month of June, we'll begin
to look at a couple of examples and listen, we ought never doubt God's love for us.
There may be some circumstances that we deal with, there may be some difficulties that
we face in life, but when we face those difficulties, when we have those adversities that come in
our path in our life, we must never doubt the love of God because His love is an everlasting
love.
And I'll tell you, I'll give you a preview, the passage we're going to deal with is John
11.
Listen, when Jesus delayed His departure to go after He'd heard that Lazarus was sick,
the Bible declares that Jesus loved Lazarus, Martha, and Mary, but yet He delayed His departure.
Listen, when we face difficulties in life, we must never doubt God's love.
It's an everlasting love.
I would say this, how do I describe God's love?
It's sacrificial.
Number three, it's sacrificial.
God's love is defined in the Scriptures.
There are three Greek words, really there are four Greek words that are used for love,
three predominantly in the Scriptures.
And the love of God is also always used in this sense of this agape love, and you've
probably heard that word, and the truth is that God's word is a, or God's love is a sacrificial
love.
First of all, the Bible says in the book of Ephesians.
The book of Ephesians in the fifth chapter, we've made some reference to some verses of
Scripture on how God's love was demonstrated to us, it was demonstrated through His sacrifice
at Calvary.
We find that here in Ephesians chapter number five, God is dealing with relationship in
the home, and dealing with the importance of roles within the home, at the end of chapter
five and into chapter number six, He deals with husbands, wives, and children, and gives
good instruction with regard to how we're to behave ourselves in the home and what our
roles are, so on and so forth.
And verse number 22, He begins that text of Scripture, and by the way, it's important
for us to understand that the only way that we'll really be able to fully satisfy what
God has given us here is if we're filled with the Holy Spirit of God.
upon the face of the earth, Jesus would have died for you. Because the only way for man
to be reconciled to God was through a substitutionary atonement. And if you're the only person to
ever walk the face of the earth, Jesus would have died for you because He loves you personally.
I would say this, finally number seven this morning, how would we describe God's love?
It's protective. It's protective. There are too many verses to be able to go to, to be
able to describe this morning how God's love is protective. I said how the world would
often describe the love of God as being permissive. But I say no, I argue that God's love is protective.
So many people look to God's Word and they criticize, they find reason to criticize God's
Word because they say, well God's Word, the Bible, it's just full of a bunch of commandments
and do this and don't do this and all of those things. I would submit to you this morning
that all of those things are there because God loves us. God loves us so much that He
says, I want to protect you not only from an enemy that you have, but I want to protect
you from yourself. So that we wouldn't be in a condition where they were in the book
of Judges where every man did that which was right in his own sight. But no, we'd be in
a place where we understand these things are pleasing to God, these things are not pleasing
to God. And God loves us so much that He wants to protect us. And thus He's given us all
of these wonderful truths in His Word. And oh, I hope this morning that you've never
approached God's Word and if you have that you would no longer approach God's Word as
just being a list of do's and don'ts, a rule book so to speak. No, this is a precious living
book and God loves us so much that He said, I want to protect you and therefore I'm giving
you these truths because I love you.
Why do we tell our kids to stay away from certain things? Why do we instruct our children
to not play with the fork in the outlet? Because we love them. You say, but Johnny wants to
play with his fork in the outlet. I don't care. You're not going to let him because
you love him. Because there's something that you understand about electricity and forks.
The two do not go together, at least in a positive way. It could be in great danger
to Johnny. For sake of illustration this morning, I don't care how much of a fit Johnny throws,
you would be outside of your mind to let Johnny put a fork in an outlet. Why? Simply
because you love him. And I would submit to you this morning that if you let him do that
and he died and someone were to come and do an investigation and say, why did you let
him do that? Well, because I love him. I think the person doing the investigation would look
at you like you're crazy. What do you mean you love him? Why would you do that if you
love him? It doesn't make any sense. Our God's love is protective. This morning, His
great love. We'll look at, over the next couple of messages that I preach on this subject,
we'll look at some examples in God's Word. We'll rejoice in the fact that nothing can
separate us from the love of God. This morning, I hope that we've been encouraged to know
that God loves us. It's declared, it's demonstrated, it's described, defined for us in His Word.
And it's a wonderful love, it's a great love. This morning, I say with the songwriter, wonderful
things in the Bible I see. There's some amazing things in the Bible. I love this book. I do.
But as the songwriter said, this is the dearest that Jesus loves me. Let's pray together.
Father, we love you. We thank you for loving us. We thank you for your great love. God,
I pray that if there's one here, one under the sound of my voice, that's never trusted
Christ as their Savior. God, I pray that today they'd get it settled, they'd be saved. Lord,
maybe there's some here this morning that are struggling. They just faced some storms,
some difficulties. I don't know all of the conditions of those that are gathered this
morning. But typically in a group of any size, some folks that have some struggles
and some difficulties. And maybe, just maybe, the enemy, the accuser, the brethren has sought
to cause that individual to doubt your love. I pray this morning they'd have victory over
that. Not for another second would they doubt your great love that you have for them. I
pray God that you'd help us to share outside of the four walls of this building the wonderful
truth for God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever believeth
in Him should not perish but have everlasting life. Oh God, in these moments of invitation,
I pray that you'd move and work as only you can. Help us, Lord, to rejoice in your great
love, to rest in your great love. Well, thank you for every decision that's made. For it's
in Christ's name we pray. Would you